Add content from community doc PR:1063 to 1070 excluding 1067 (#196)
rancher/longhorn-product-docs: docs/version-1.9.0/modules/en/pages/longhorn-system/settings.adoc

*Default value*: `false`

When set to true, the snapshot used by the backup will be automatically cleaned up when the backup is deleted.

=== V1 Data Engine

*Default value*: `true`

> Setting that allows you to enable the V1 Data Engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this enables the V1 Data Engine.
```

=== V2 Data Engine

*Default value*: `false`

> Setting that allows you to enable the V2 Data Engine, which is based on the Storage Performance Development Kit (SPDK). The V2 Data Engine is an experimental feature and should not be used in production environments. For more information, see xref:../../v2-data-engine.adoc[V2 Data Engine (Experimental)].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this enables the V2 Data Engine, based on the Storage Performance Development Kit (SPDK). The V2 Data Engine is an experimental feature and should not be used in production environments. For more information, see xref:../../v2-data-engine.adoc[V2 Data Engine (Experimental)].
```
